# Weather Analysis for Surf and Ice Cream Start-Up
In this analysis, weather and climate data in Oahu, Hawaii was analyzed to assist the start-up of a surf and ice-cream shop. 

Based on our analysis the June temperatures consists of 1,700 datapoints, a mean of 75 degrees, a minimum of 64 degrees, a maximum of 85 degrees, and a standard deviation of 3.3. The December temperatures consists of 1,517 datapoints, a mean of 71 degrees, a minimum of 56 degrees, a maximum of 83 degrees, and a standard deviation of 3.7. It appears there is a difference of only 2-4 degrees between the months of June and July regarding average and maximum temperature. However, there is an 8 degree difference between minimum temperatures. December had lower temperatures between minimums, maximums, and averages. Overall there aren’t major differences between temperatures between winter and summer months. In addition, based on our previous analysis of precipitation, both December and June were months that did not have high precipitation levels. Weather seems to have a positive outlook for the winter and summer months. 

In order to perform further analysis, it is recommended that all of the months of winter and summer be analyzed to determine if there are other months in the season that may have an impact climate during those seasons. The seasonal temperature analysis should then include the months of June, July, and August for the summer season and December, January, and February for the winter season. 

Furthermore, it would be recommended to compare summer and winter seasons to spring and fall seasons to see if climate and weather is more moderate in those seasons. 

Lastly, it would also be recommended to perform a linear regression statistical analysis to make predictions of future climate changes that may have an impact on the business as well as building additional visualizations to demonstrate trends in weather and climate. For example, a bar or line graph would be helpful in demosntrating any temperature spikes or drops during the year, similar to the histogram that was created for precipitation. In addition, the visualization should also be included on the Flask webpage so that they are easily available to any investors in the business.
